a storm I was at work when a violent
storm started at first it was just rain
soon after that a strong wind picked up
there hadn't been such a storm for years
suddenly my colleague told me that
someone was hanging out near my car that
day I had parked it in the street across
the road from my office angry and
worried I rushed outside into the rain
there was nobody near my car but when I
approached it I noticed that one thing
had changed
somebody had shut the roof hatch of my
car that I had left opened in the
morning so that the rain didn't get
inside after Katrina
Hurricane Katrina destroyed the house of
Joanna but that wasn't the worst the
young woman had to move in with her
parents she was in despair but the
reason wasn't her lost belongings during
the hurricane her beloved cat Simone had
disappeared Joanna didn't know anything
about her destiny six years passed but
the woman never considered adopting
another pet one day Joanna got a phone
call a man introduced himself he was
from the Humane Society of the United
States the most popular animal
protection organization he informed
Joanna that her cat had been found when
the shocked woman came to pick Simone up
the cat recognized her at first sight
and rushed toward her nowadays Joetta
and Simone are inseparable a sales
assistant story I work in a clothes
store in Boston and nothing special ever
happened there before then one day I had
two customers it was a lovely couple a
tow man and a nice woman the man was
holding the hand of the woman who seemed
very shy all the time she was staying
close by his side the man started to
explain to me what they needed it was
some clothes for the woman
I found the whole situation extremely
strange because it was the man who
described the color in the style of the
necessary clothes he mentioned what size
they needed and specified that the
fabric had to be very soft at the same
time the woman kept silence I went off
in search of the garments all the time
that I spent choosing skirts and dresses
and pants I was thinking about how bossy
the man was after all he didn't let his
partner utter a single word when I
returned the man took the clothes and
thanked me after that he took the hand
of the woman and carefully led her
toward the fitting rooms and at that
moment it dawned on me
the woman was blind and Amanda all he
could to take care of her a poor man we
were traveling across Africa with my
friend when this happened one day we
encountered a poor man he was gaunt and
exhausted we asked him how to get to the
post office and he showed us the way
after that my friend struck up a
conversation with a man we got to know
that he hadn't eaten for two days my
friend offered the hungry man his
sandwich and the first thing the poor
man said was we can divide it into three
parts
your kindness pays off this happened on
the day when I was driving to a job
interview it was the final stage of the
hiring process and I had to meet with
the big boss that day I was incredibly
excited since it was the job of my dream
in a big corporation on my way I saw a
woman she was standing by the side of
the road near her car she looked
distraught one of the tires of her
vehicle was flat I knew that I could be
late for the interview nevertheless I
stopped to help her change the tire she
thanked me and I hurried to the
interview
imagine my surprise when I found out
that she was my interviewer she was the
CEO of the company it probably won't
surprise you that I got the job if you
have any heartfelt stories of your own
tell us about them in the comments below
remember to hit the like button share
this video with your friends and join us
on the bright side of life by
subscribing to the channel
[Music]